Fill out the changelog for work since 0.10 (#1151)
stellargraph/stellargraph: CHANGELOG.md

  - The [new `demos/basics` directory](demos/basics) contains two notebooks demonstrating how to construct a `StellarGraph` object from Pandas, and from NetworkX [\#1074](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/1074)
  - The [GCN node classification demo](demos/node-classification/gcn/gcn-cora-node-classification-example.ipynb) now has more explanation, to serve as an introduction to graph machine learning using StellarGraph [\#1125](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/1125)
- New algorithms:
  - Watch Your Step: computes node embeddings by simulating the effect of random walks, rather than doing them. [\#750](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/750).
  - Deep Graph Infomax: performs unsupervised node representation learning [\#978](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/issues/978).
  - Temporal Random Walks (Continuous-Time Dynamic Network Embeddings): random walks that respect the time that each edge occurred (stored as edge weights) [\#1120](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/issues/1120).

>   - ComplEx: computes multiplicative complex-number embeddings for entities and relationships (edge types) in knowledge graphs, which can be used for link prediction. [\#901](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/901) [\#1080](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/1080)

Reviewer: CompleEx and DistMult text is identical; could they give more detail?

Author: They're not quite identical: the detail is "complex-number" vs. "real-number". Should I expand it?

Reviewer: sorry I missed that difference - keep as-is.

- Re-exports of calibration and ensembling functionality from the top-level of the `stellargraph` module were deprecated, in favour of importing from the `stellargraph.calibration` or `stellargraph.ensemble` submodules directly [\#1107](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/1107). Migration: replace uses of `stellargraph.Ensemble` with `stellargraph.ensemble.Ensemble`, and similarly for the other names (see [\#1107](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/1107) for all replacements).
- `StellarGraph.to_networkx` parameters now use `attr` to refer to NetworkX attributes, not `name` or `label` [\#973](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/973). Migration: for any named parameters in `graph.to_networkx(...)`, change `node_type_name=...` to `node_type_attr=...` and similarly `edge_type_name` to `edge_type_attr`, `edge_weight_label` to `edge_weight_attr`, `feature_name` to `feature_attr`.
- `StellarGraph.nodes_of_type` is deprecated in favour of the `nodes` method [\#1111](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/1111). Migration: replace `some_graph.nodes_of_type(some_type)` with `some_graph.nodes(node_type=some_type)`.

> - `StellarGraph.info`

Author: Oops! I think you're right. Well inferred.

- Some more layers and models had many parameters move from `**kwargs` to real arguments: `Attri2Vec` ([\#1128](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/1128)), `ClusterGCN` ([\#1129](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/1129)), `GraphAttention` & `GAT` ([\#1130](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/1130)), `HinSAGE` ([\#1143](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/1143)). Invalid (e.g. incorrectly spelled) arguments would have been ignored previously, but now may fail with a `TypeError`; to fix, remove or correct the arguments.

> - The `method="chebyshev"` option to `FullBatchNodeGenerator`, `FullBatchLinkGenerator` and `GCN_Aadj_feats_op` has been removed, because it did not work [\#1028](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/1028)

Reviewer 2: Nice and to the point! ... but maybe this sounds slightly nicer
```suggestion
- The `method="chebyshev"` option to `FullBatchNodeGenerator`, `FullBatchLinkGenerator` and `GCN_Aadj_feats_op` has been removed for now, because it needed significant revision to be correctly implemented [\#1028](https://github.com/stellargraph/stellargraph/pull/1028)
```

Author: Yeah, that's much better 😄
